c:\users\bonhkarl01\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\bin\Debug\LabelPrinter.exe.config
c:\users\bonhkarl01\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\bin\Debug\LabelPrinter.exe
c:\users\bonhkarl01\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\bin\Debug\LabelPrinter.pdb
c:\users\bonhkarl01\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\bin\Debug\LabelPrinter.xml
c:\users\bonhkarl01\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\LabelPrinter.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bonhkarl01\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\LabelPrinter.Form1.resources
c:\users\bonhkarl01\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\LabelPrinter.Resources.resources
c:\users\bonhkarl01\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\LabelPrinter.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\bonhkarl01\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\LabelPrinter.exe
c:\users\bonhkarl01\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\LabelPrinter.xml
c:\users\bonhkarl01\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\LabelPrinter.pdb
C:\Users\bonhkarl01\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\bin\Debug\LabelPrinter.exe.config
C:\Users\bonhkarl01\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\bin\Debug\LabelPrinter.exe
C:\Users\bonhkarl01\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\bin\Debug\LabelPrinter.pdb
C:\Users\bonhkarl01\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\bin\Debug\LabelPrinter.xml
C:\Users\bonhkarl01\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\LabelPrinter.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\bonhkarl01\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\LabelPrinter.Form1.resources
C:\Users\bonhkarl01\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\LabelPrinter.Resources.resources
C:\Users\bonhkarl01\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\LabelPrinter.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\bonhkarl01\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\LabelPrinter.exe
C:\Users\bonhkarl01\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\LabelPrinter.xml
C:\Users\bonhkarl01\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\LabelPrinter.pdb
